Github pages (#31)
Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts: doc/src/examples/ownable.md

## Overview

This example shows how you can use the implementation of
[access-control](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/access/ownable) and
[psp1155](https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts/tree/main/contracts/token/psp1155) together to provide `only owner` rights to mint and burn tokens.

## Steps

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should add that you need to add dependancies for our own version of ink!
Because following these steps will not compile =)

Author: Yea, better to add usage of our version of ink=)

> 1. Include dependencies `psp1155`, `ownable` and `brush` in cargo file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Include dependencies to `psp1155`, `ownable` and `brush` in the cargo file.
```

```markdown
[dependencies]
...

psp1155 = { tag = "v0.3.0-rc1", git = "https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts", default-features = false }
ownable = { tag = "v0.3.0-rc1", git = "https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts", default-features = false }
brush = { tag = "v0.3.0-rc1", git = "https://github.com/Supercolony-net/openbrush-contracts", default-features = false }

[features]
default = ["std"]
std = [
 ...
   
   "psp1155/std",
   "ownable/std",
   "brush/std",
]
```

2. Replace `ink::contract` macro by `brush::contract`.

>    Import **everything** from according trait modules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Import **everything** from corresponding trait modules.
```

```rust
#[brush::contract]
pub mod ownable {
   use psp1155::traits::*;
   use ownable::traits::*;
   use brush::modifiers;
   use ink_prelude::vec::Vec;
```

3. Declare storage struct and declare the fields related to `PSP1155Storage` and `OwnableStorage`

>    traits. Then you need to derive `PSP1155Storage` and `OwnableStorage` traits and mark according fields

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   traits. Then you need to derive `PSP1155Storage` and `OwnableStorage` traits and mark corresponding fields
```

>    with `#[PSP1155StorageField]` and `#[OwnableStorageField]` attributes. Deriving these traits allow you to reuse the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   with `#[PSP1155StorageField]` and `#[OwnableStorageField]` attributes. Deriving these traits allows you to reuse the
```

   default implementation of `IPSP1155` and `Ownable`.

```rust
#[ink(storage)]
#[derive(Default, PSP1155Storage, OwnableStorage)]
pub struct PSP1155Struct {
    #[PSP1155StorageField]
    psp1155: PSP1155Data,
    #[OwnableStorageField]
    ownale: OwnableData,
}
```

> 4. Inherit implementation of `IPSP1155` and `Ownable` traits. You can customize(override) methods in this `impl` block.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Inherit implementations of `IPSP1155` and `Ownable` traits. You can customize (override) methods in this `impl` block.
```

```rust
impl Ownable for PSP1155Struct {}
impl IPSP1155 for PSP1155Struct {}
```

> 5. Define constructor to define owner as the contract initiator and your basic version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Define constructor and initialize the owner with the contract initiator. Your basic version
```

>    of `IPSP1155` contract is ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   of `IPSP1155` contract is ready!
```

```rust
impl PSP1155Struct {
    #[ink(constructor)]
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        let mut instance = Self::default();
        let caller = instance.env().caller();
        instance._init_with_owner(caller);
        instance
    }
}
```

> 6. Customize it by adding ownable logic. We will implement `IPSP1155Mint` trait. It will call `only_owner` function inside to verify that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Customize it by adding ownable logic. We will implement `IPSP1155Mint` trait. Modifier `only_owner` will call the function for us which verifies that
```
